# Mudlet April Fool 2020 Content Filter Code Bot

This simple bot was part of the Mudlet April Fool 2020 joke. Release 4.7 of the project supposedly contained a content filter that could be disabled by supplying a special code.

The code was generated by this bot by MD5-hashing the user name requesting a code with the command `!code I am over 18 years old`.

Additional features include a `!stats` command to get an overview how much the bot was used and an `!export` command to export generated codes and how often each user requested their code.

The `export` feature was supposed to lead to open up another activity but since the bot was restarted during or after 1st April (due to the hoster's policy) and the bot having no persistance layer,
all statistical data has been lost.

## Requirements

- [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/)
- [Discord](https://discordapp.com/) account
- [Pastebin](https://pastebin.com/) account

## Installation Steps (if applicable)

1. Clone repo
2. Run `npm install`
3. Add Discord (`TOKEN`) and pastebin (`PASTE`) credentials in a `.env` file
3. Run `node index.js`
4. Interact with your Discord bot via your web browser

## Original work

Originally this was a Discord bot tutorial by Michiel Mulder, which you can find under https://www.sitepoint.com/discord-bot-node-js/ and the code can be found at https://github.com/sitepoint-editors/discord-bot-sitepoint

## License

SitePoint's code archives and code examples are licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright © 2020 SitePoint, keneanung

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
